MasmEd Project addin.
---------------------

Create Project:
---------------
The project addin helps you create new projects in an easy way.
If a template is selected then startup code / files are generated.

1. Optionally select a Project Path.
2. Type in a name for your project. Note that the project name is used to create
   a sub folder (optional) and file names. Avoid illegal file / path characters.
3. Select folders you want to create.
4. Select Files or Template tab depending on if you want code to be generated or not.
   Files tab:
   ----------
   a. Select Project type from the combo box.
   b. Select files you want to be created.
   Template tab:
   -------------
   a. Select the tamplate you want to have startup code generated.
      Selecting a template overrides all settings on the Files tab.
5. Push 'OK' to have your project created.

Create Template:
----------------
The project addin can also create new templates from existing project sources.

1. Type in a short description of the template you are creating.
2. Add files you want to include in your template.
   Note that you can only add files that are in the path of the main file.
3. Select the main file from the file list.
4. Select the Project type from the combo box.
5. Select a file name for your template.
6. Push 'OK' to have the template created.

Sniplets:
---------
Lets you copy often used sniplets to your code or to the output window.

1. Select a file from the treeview.
2. Optionaly select the part of the code you want to copy.
3. Push 'To Output' or push 'To Code'
4. Push 'Close' to close the sniplet window.

Options:
--------
Here you can specify which files are to be threated as text file and which files
are to be threated as binary files when creating a template. Note how dots are added
before and after a file extention.
Specify the number of backup versions of your files you want.
You can also specify minor files to delete after a successful build.
Example: *.obj;*.res

1. Modify the Template text files.
2. Modify the Template binary files.
3. Change the number of backups you want (0 to 9).
4. Modify the minor files to delete (only if a session file is open).
5. Push 'OK' to save the changes.

KetilO